what what what it's okay i gave copper
dammit some craigy knows her like hey
Gert at some point oh my god this is not
a button check this is not anything but
move oil not like copper dammit winning
compras a bit doing things we still got
the spark bolt that's a big deal here we
go pretty patient games so far get back
this
question
kupa do it all right this is a
tournament match this is a tournament
match these losers finals has this is
not just a tournament match this is the
tournament match you guys have all been
waiting this is top three grand finals
this is what you guys came to watch
damage damage make the Buster 720
well that was nice
alright we're back Oh
first there's not one get her she wants
to win this round boys cars car brake
mad kuba kuba claiming you didn't notice
we all know he fucked that up on purpose
slingshot doesn't get it it's all blue
bead but it still hurts it soon like one
damage 14 yet 14 13 12 this could be a
80 check it out 760 37 off too nice that
classic Koopa defense
Cooper's want a defense davits women
often party bugs out flying hits like on
the ground nice good brave chef gets
punish curse could be the curse yep Oh
No there it is nice book nice book to
see Prince up and he's looking the guys
get over it nice pit that's it
so fast it's so much damage so dangerous
nice nail I couldn't even say it I'm so
excited Chris lockdown that's a combo
Mombo that's gonna suck oh no smart
first maybe that's it nope there it is
so no more curse oh oh nice throw super
you can't thank you just put your
controller down alright sit match point
for both come appliance a rush down gets
over headed more nice paint nice buster
very nice block nice Buster Cooper soon
that just to get him he knows he can't
do anything after that Oh big damage
Reese's not bad damage at all nice good
reset its way more damage
back to regularity here but around maybe
Cooper's gotta see her weapon check this
shit out oh my pen back dash nice good
Judy nice bus Oh held it for quite a
long time cool okies that matches out
intelligent to see fatal first outpost
Bay whoa um what's those throw nope
doesn't get paid doesn't your pain
invisible Metal Gear Solid box could be
the brand back Cooper oneness baby joey
lane tech that was a great tank nice 720
here we go what's option cold first wrap
it cross up cross upset that crush up oh
my god oh god broken that could no wait
yeah it could be yep that's it all right
GG nice Deborah wins in it should be a
grand finalists